About The Inventory Tab: 
In this area, players will have three big scrollable lists, one for reagents, one for completed potions (both successful and 
duds), and one for items and equipment. Each item on these lists will show the name (if known), how many of the item 
the player possesses, and perhaps 2 or 3 other short bits of information about that item. Players should be able to "use" their 
potions and "equip" their items/equipment from this menu. Mixing potions, however, is a separate tab.  The lists will be filterable 
and searchable via keywords. 

About the Expeditions Tab 
In this tab, players can set up an "expedition plan" and send it to the DM for approval. The search plan will tell the DM: 
-who is searching (the player making the request (leader) as well as other characters that are going with him/her.) 
-how many hours they are searching for (in game time) 
-the biome in which they want to search
-whether they want to search during the day or the night
-their search method (stick together or split up)
-how fast they will search (normal or rushed)
-and an optional part, a "target reagent". If not given, it assumes that the player is just searching for alchemical reagents in general, not 
anything in particular. (This matters because it will affect the outcome of the foraging. Searching for something specific will have a higher 
likelihood of finding what you're looking for, but at the expense of missing other potential reagents) 

The DM, who will presumably know how much time the players have in game to explore and also what type of terrain they are in, can either approve 
or deny search requests. This prevents players from abusing the system by just spamming the search function until they finally find hundreds or 
even thousands of reagents. I may want to add a feature later where the DM can secretly give bonuses or penalties to the requests upon approval, 
but at first, just a simple approve or deny is enough. I think that a list of foraging events should be on this tab, with approved (but yet to be 
executed) searches at the top, and then everything else in chronological order from newest to oldest. There will be a button that says 
"Go" or something, that doesn't exist at first, but becomes visible and "active" and clickable once approval is received. 
At this point, all the player needs to do is press the button and the system springs into action, rolling up random reagents (and many red 
herrings as well) that can potentially be found, rolling search checks for the player, and recording their results. Of course the Player's 
modifiers for stats and skills will already be in the system. Anything found will automatically be transferred into the inventory of whichever
participant first succeeded on the perception roll to find it, and if it is something that they have encountered before (or otherwise have 
knowledge of according to what's in the Knowledge Tab), it will automatically be labeled accordingly. Otherwise only a brief description will be 
provided of the unknown reagents (and false positives). The algorithmical mechanics of the system are below.

FORAGING MECHANICS (one "cycle")
PART 1 - Initial Rolls
First, determine what type of environment the characters are in from the form, and roll the appropriate dice determined by that biome's
biome_dice_count and biome_dice_sides fields to determine the base number of "potential" reagents there are in the searchable vicinity. 
(Here is what is currently in the DB)
Mountain = 1d6 Potentials 
Plains = 1d10 Potentials 
Swamp = 1d8 Potentials 
Desert = 1d6 Potentials 
Forest = 1d12 Potentials 
Jungle = 1d12 Potentials 
Volcanic = 1d8 Potentials 
Underground = 1d6 Potentials 
Freshwater = 1d6 Potentials
Ocean = 1d6 Potentials 
Tundra = 1d5 Potentials 
Urban = 1d4 Potentials 

Next, roll an Alchemy check and a follow up Nature check for the leader to see how well they've chosen their searching location. 
They get a +1 bonus to their Nature check if their Alchemy check result was 10 or higher, and that bonus raises by +1 for
every 5 points over 10 the Alchemy check result was. (e.g., an Alchemy check result of 26 would add a +4 bonus to the Nature check.)
A better Nature check result means they know the more likely places to find reagents. If they are searching for a known ingredient, 
they get an additional +5 to the Nature check, but will suffer penalties to other rolls later on.

After that, add a number of Bonus potentials to the base number of potentials according to the following chart, depending on what 
their Nature check result was. The check result also affects the chance that the "potential" reagent is an "actual" reagent, and not 
just a dud. 

Bonus Potentials and Real Reagent chance on a check result of:
-1 or less: -1 10%
0 to 19: +0 20% 
20 to 24: +1 30% 
25 to 29: +2 40% 
30 to 34: +3 45% 
35 to 39: +4 50% 
40 to 44: +5 60% 
45 to 49: +6 65% 
50 or more: +7 70% 

So as you can see, higher level and more experienced alchemists will not only be able to spot more potential reagents, but their accuracy at 
differentiating between true reagents and things that just "look cool" is much higher. 
     Example:  In a desert biome, a 1d6 is rolled, which gives a result of 4.  The leader's Alchemy check result is 22, giving a +3 bonus to
     the following Nature check.  The Nature check result (including the +3) was 29, which according to the 
     chart, adds +2 potential reagents to the location, so 4 + 2 is 6.  We now have the LENGTH of the list to iterate over.

PART 2 - POPULATING THE AREA WITH POTENTIAL THINGS TO FIND

For each "item" in the LENGTH of the list (aka number of potentials in the vicinity), do the following:
Roll a percentile dice for that item using the percentage derived from the check result to see if it is a true reagent or a dud.
A result that is <= the target number is a real reagent, otherwise it is a dud.
If it is a REAL reagent:
    Roll the rarity randomly on a d10. A result of 1-7 means it is common, 8 or 9 is uncommon, and 10 is rare. 
    Put together a list of all the reagents of THAT rarity that can be found in THAT biome, and choose one at random to generate the specific reagent that is in the vicinity. 
    Look up the Search DC and Physical Description for that reagent, note it, and then roll the cluster dice for that reagent to see how many "units"
    of it are in that cluster. Note that amount as well.
If it is a DUD or "false positive":
    Use the random reagent description generator (main() in d_gen.py) to generate a random description and note it.
    Make a random roll of either 1d4 or 1d6 to simulate a cluster amount and note it.
    Generate a fake perception DC using the following formula: 10 + half leader's level + 1d10. 

This algorithm should produce a mixed list of real and fake reagents to search for, setting the stage for the next part.

PART 3 - SEARCHING THE AREA

Finally, have all players involved in the search make perception checks for each reagent in the vicinity to see if it is discovered and collected. 
A "basic" search takes 1 hour for one person (this is considered one "cycle"). So, if the expedition was planned to be 3 hours long, under normal
conditions, the whole cycle would be repeated 3 times. However depending on the Expedition plan settings, the basic search may be altered in various
ways. 

SearchMode setting (Together vs Split up)
    -Together:
        -No modification to number of cycles.
        -Each participant (in a random order) rolls one perception check per potential reagent (or until someone finds it, in which case no further rolls are made for that item.)
    -Split up:
        -Number of cycles = the number of cycles under normal conditions times the number of participants. (e.g., 3 hours * 4 participants = 12 cycles.)
        -Potential reagents are DIVIDED EVENLY amongst participants and rolled for ONLY ONCE by ONLY THAT CHARACTER.
SearchSpeed setting (Normal vs Rushed)
    -Normal
        -No modification to number of cycles.
        -No modification to Perception checks.
    -Rushed
        -Doubles the number of cycles (stacks with SearchMode setting)
        -All participants suffer a -10 to perception checks.
TargetReagent setting (General Search or Targeted Search)
    -General Search
        -No modification to Perception checks.
    -Targeted Search
        -Perception checks made against the target reagent gain a +10 bonus.
        -Perception checks made against anything else suffer a -10 penalty.
NightSearch setting (Daytime or Nighttime)
    -Daytime
        -No modifications to Perception rolls.
    -Nighttime
        -No change for characters with Darkvision.
        -Characters with Low-Light Vision suffer a -3 to find non-luminous reagents.
        -Characters with Low-Light Vision gain a +3 to find luminous reagents.
        -Characters with normal vision suffer a -10 to find non-luminous reagents.
        -Characters with normal vision gain a +10 to find luminous reagents.
Note that all modifiers to Perception checks from these settings stack.
Also note that the item (whether real or mundane) gets added to whichever character's inventory that FIRST SUCCEEDED on its percetion check DC.
For example, in a party of 4 members who stuck together, each member (in a random order to keep it fair) will roll to see if they find the item. If the
first member's roll fails, the next member rolls for it.  If he also fails, the third member rolls.  If the third member succeeds, the item is added
to his inventory, and the fourth and final member does not roll at all (since that item has already been picked up.)  In the case of a split-up
search, it is only ever possible for one (randomly determined) member to find each item.  The system should "shuffle" the potential items and "deal
them out" like playing cards as evenly as possible among the expedition members before perception rolls begin.  Then each character will make a
single roll for each of the items they were "dealt" to see if they actually found it.
The together/split-up option also carries one extra feature that isn't directly involved in the search itself, but in how expedition results are revealed.
At the end of the expedition, if it was set to "together" then all participants will see all items found by all participants in the expedition results log.
If, however, it was set to "split-up" then it will only show the items that they themselves found on that particular expedition, and it is up to the
players themselves to either conceal or reveal what they found over the table.  (The DM will of course be able to see everything, regardless.)

Example 1: 4 players split up to search the SAME area quickly, with 10 potentials in the area. 60 minutes divided by 4 means that the search only 
takes 15 minutes. However each potential only has one chance of being spotted. Player 1 rolls perception on 3 of them, Player 2 rolls perception 
on 3 more of them, Player 3 rolls perception on 2 of them, and Player 4 rolls perception on the last two. They may have missed several reagents, 
but they have time to do 3 more cycles for a total of 4 whole cycles in one hour using this method. The results of the whole expedition (4 cycles)
will only show each character what THEY THEMSELVES found.

Example 2: 4 players stick together to search the same area, with 10 potentials in the area. The search takes the full 60 minutes, 
but each potential has 4 chances of being spotted, since every player will make a perception check on every potential reagent. It's slow going, 
but is very likely to find everything in the area. The results show EVERYTHING that was found by the whole expedition party (though this is just info,
and the ACTUAL ITEMS are in their respective finder's inventories.)

Example 3: 3 players stick together to search the same area looking for a SPECIFIC reagent, with 10 potentials in the area.  They decide to rush their
search to cover more area.  They suffer a -20 to most of their perception checks, but as luck would have it, the reagent they were after was in
the area, and all three characters could make a straight roll to find it (-10 for rushing, but +10 for that specific reagent cancels the penalty out.)
So they found what they were looking for, AND since it only took 30 minutes, they have time to do one more cycle, possibly finding even more of that reagent.
Whole party results are displayed at the end.

Example 4: (Multiple expedition requests) 4 players split up to search DIFFERENT areas.  This coveres a WIDE area with LOTS of potentials, however 
it also means that those who are NOT trained in Alchemy or Nature will be leading their own expeditions and may not pick their area very well (lots 
of red herrings, or very few items in general).  It also takes the full 60 minutes to search the area, since everyone is split up into DIFFERENT areas.
Results are displayed separately by default, since each expedition is completely separate.

About the Laboratory Tab
In this tab, Players can see their current stockpile of "Storgstrum's Brew", their time remaining for doing alchemical work, perform alchemical potency tests, refine reagents, and mix potions.

Storgstrum's Brew is an item (and also game mechanic) that I invented for the purposes of this app. It is a liquid that is to alchemy what litmus paper is to 
chemistry. It has one primary use: to determine the "potency" of a reagent. 

About Time allotment:
In addition to equipment and resources, doing alchemy takes TIME.  In a D&D adventure, there are often time constraints before the next
adventure hook comes along.  Only the GM knows what is going on in the grand scheme of things, and so players are not allowed to just perform
experiments ad infinitum with total disregard to the GM's story.  Therefore, GM's will have the ability to "give time" to characters to work
on whatever they want in their laboratory, and every action in the lab has a time cost associated with it.  With each action, the timer
will update itself to reflect how much time they have left, and when there is no time left on the timer, they can't perform any more actions.
Similarly, every lab action will first check to see if there is enough time left to perform that action before executing it. As a general rule,
and for simplicity, the smallest "unit" of time that the system will deal with is 5 minutes.  The GM should be able to allocate time to
characters in three ways (via a radio selector): 
1. in hours and minutes
-- 5 minute units (minimum 0 minutes, max 55 minutes) 
-- hour units (minimum 0 hours, max 23 hours)
(Minimum of 5 minutes required if hours is set to 0.)
OR
2. in "days" with auto-calculation convenience.
-- first enter the number of days, (1 through 100 possible, default = 1)
-- Then, set "hours per day" in a second field, (1 through 24 possible, default = 8)
-- The system will auto-update the form (using JavaScript probably) with a message to show the total number of hours that they are about to give the player.
(This option allows GMs to allot long streches of time to players while still realistically accounting for sleeping, eating, maintenance, etc..)
OR
3. by toggling "unlimited time".  This option will just "override" the clock system altogether (skipping over the time checks and time reductions) and 
just display "unlimited" or an infinity symbol in place of the timer for that character.  For characters who are ALREADY on unlimited time, this option should display
"apply time limits", and serve to revoke the "unlimited time" status. It's a toggle, basically. Also, while "unlimited time" is active for a character, the first two 
options for allotting time should be grayed out and "blocked" on the GM's screen for good UI/UX design. It will remind them that assigning more time to that character 
is currently meaningless until time limits are restored.


About the Laboratory Tab
In this tab, Players can see their current stockpile of "Storgstrum's Brew", their time remaining for doing alchemical work, perform alchemical potency tests, refine reagents, and mix potions.

Storgstrum's Brew is an item (and also game mechanic) that I invented for the purposes of this app. It is a liquid that is to alchemy what litmus paper is to 
chemistry. It has one primary use: to determine the "potency" of a reagent.  Now that SB has been defined, let me tell you about each of this tab's features.

--Refining--
For any given REAL reagent, there are two levels of refinement: 

Level 1: The first level takes a reagent in its raw form (such as a whole animal, some freshly picked flowers,
or a stone picked up off of the ground), and does something to it to convert it into a measurable form. In game terms this is described as processing the raw item
by either grinding it down into a power, mashing it into a paste, or otherwise converting it into a more malleable and measurable state.  For the purposes of
this app, it just means this:  ReagentSamples go in --> character makes an alchemy check --> if successful, ProcessedReagents comes out. Either way, the ReagentSamples
and some time are consumed in the process.  This initial refinement creates a ProcessedReagent in its "CRUDE" state. This sort of refinement is quite basic, not
complicated, and can be done in small bulk amounts.
Specifics:
-Basic refinement takes 5 minutes per "batch".
-A "batch" cannot be a mix of different reagents (or duds).  It must consist of all the same item.
-Up to 10 "units" (the "cluster dice rolls" are what give the number of units when searching) of the same reagent can be processed in one batch.  Any more than that will require more time (multiple batches).
-Regardless of batch size, the time required is always 5 minutes.
-The Alchemy Check DC for successful refinement at this level is 14, regardless of what the reagent is.
-One Alchemy Check is made per BATCH, not per ITEM (unless, of course, each batch just happens to only contain one item).
-A successful check converts the whole batch into "CRUDE" ProcessedReagent, while a failed check ruins the batch (deleting that number of ReagentSamples).

Level 2: The second level of refinement can only be performed on CRUDE reagents, not raw samples. This is a much more involved, and time consuming process. In game
terms, it involves isolating and extracting the exact part of the item that contains the alchemical property, and purifying it into something much more potent. For
the purposes of this app, it just means this:  ONE crude ProcessedReagent goes in, character makes an Alchemy Check --> if successful, ONE "REFINED" ProcessedReagent
comes out.  A failed check just removes one unit of the CRUDE reagent from their inventory and consumes time. Unlike crude refinement, this CANNOT be done in bulk.
Specifics:
-Advanced refinement takes 10 minutes per unit.
-Regardless of reagent, the time required is always 10 minutes. (This value may change later after beta testing.)
-The Alchemy Check DC for successful refinement at this level is determined by the reagent itself, listed in the "refine_dc" field.
-A successful check converts one unit of crude ProcessedReagent into one unit of refined ProcessedReagent, while a failed check ruins (and deletes) one unit of crude reagent.
-Crude reagents that have not yet been identified as alchemical (real reagents) cannot be refined further.  A storgstrum's brew test is required unless the item is already known and in the character's knowledge base. (The in-game reasoning for this limitation is that to refine something further, you have to know what you're looking for.  Without the SB test, the character wouldn't have any idea.)
*Note that duds will never get to Level 2 due to the above restriction.

--Potency Testing--
This area of the tab is where CRUDE and REFINED ProcessedReagents can be tested to see how strong or weak they are, with the side benefit of separating duds from real reagents.
In game terms, the process is simple enough.  The character mixes 1 unit of a reagent (either crude or refined), with 1 unit of SB in a beaker or similar container, and then slowly heats the mixture, watching for certain reactions. The reactions becomes
more and more pronounced the stronger the reagent is. For our purposes however, the SB test just works like this: 1 unit of reagent and SB goes in --> 5 minutes passes --> the reagent and SB are consumed and knowledge is updated.
Specifics:
-UI contains a list of all CRUDE ProcessedReagents where UPV is unknown (i.e., if alchemical or not is unknown) and REFINED ProcessedReagents where RPV is unknown.
-There is no need to include CRUDEs where UPV is known or REFINEDs where RPV is known.
-Player selects reagent to test and simply clicks "Test Potency".
-No checks needed.
-5 minutes consumed, and one unit of both the reagent and SB are consumed.
-If it is a real reagent, a KnowledgeUnlockEvent occurs.
-If it is a dud, 

Storgstrum's Brew (hereafter called "SB" for short) is mixed with an at least minimally refined reagent (or potential reagent), and slowly stirred and heated. The reaction 
(if any) that results tells the Player that reagent's "potency value" (hereafter called "PV"). PV is simply a scale from 1 to 10, with 1 being the 
weakest reagent, and 10 being the strongest. No reaction means that the player has found a "dud" that basically looks cool but is worthless for 
alchemy. Even though SB is a liquid, I do not want to make things complicated by keeping track of ounces or milliliters. Instead, there is simply 
a "set" amount of SB that is required for any potency test, and the amount of the liquid available to the player can simply be shown as an integer 
representing how many potency tests they can perform with the amount they have left. Simple. It should also be noted that by mixing any reagent 
with SB, it "consumes" that reagent. So, players gain knowledge at the cost of one "unit" or "dose" of a reagent and one "dose" of SB. Of course, players could 
technically just try mixing potions with things they foraged without knowing the item's potency (or if it is even alchemical at all), but that runs the 
risk of just wasting reagents and SB. A POSITIVE reaction (1 or higher) will automatically update the player's Knowledge database, effectively "unlocking" a bit 
of knowledge, and adding the name, UNREFINED PV (explained later), physical description, and (usually) the biome it was found in (taken from the biome linked to the expedition where it was found.). Naturally, 
once "dose" of SB and the reagent will be used up in the process, and the player's inventory should be updated accordingly by the system. In the case of 
"no reaction" or "dud", then the dose of SB is expended, and that entry in their inventory (the remaining doses found in that cluster) will be annotated as being "mundane"
. Note that copies of "duds" will always come from the same expedition, as various types of duds/red herrings are NOT stored in 
the database, their descriptions will be generated randomly by an elaborate text generator. If it ever occurs that two duds from completely 
different expeditions share the exact same descriptive text, it is a coincidence and just a fluke. 

The next thing that can be done in the laboratory is refinement. Every single reagent has 2 PVs, the UPV (unrefined potency value) and the RPV 
(refined potency value). This is basically the same as comparing raw vanilla to vanilla extract. By spending some time and making an alchemy check 
against a DC based on the DC of that specific reagent, a player can attempt to raise the PV of one dose of a particular reagent that they have. 
Failure means they destroy that dose of the 
reagent and the time is wasted, success will remove one dose of the UPV reagent from their inventory, and add one dose of that reagent with its 
RPV value (however the exact RPV will not be immediately written unless it, too, has been tested with SB. Otherwise their Knowledge and Inventory 
will simply show question marks for the RPV column ??). 

The final thing they can do in the laboratory is attempt to mix two reagents together and 
hope that it produces a functional potion. The mechanics are based on how potion mixing works in Skyrim, with a few tweaks. There is a big list of 
effects that I have for potions. Each effect has a strength associated with it from 1 to 10, just like the PVs. Weak potions may only grant a small 
bonus for a single turn, while the most powerful potions (which are incredibly rare and hard to make) can potentially grant permanent, 
character-altering effects. There are many effect types, but for a few examples, there are potions of defense, potions of fire resistance, 
potions of flight, potions of invisibility, potions of water-breathing and so on. For your reference, there are currently 44 different effect 
types, each with strengths ranging from 1 to 10, for a total of 440 different possible potions. Unless the Player has acquired some sort of item 
like a textbook or someone's research notes, they start with no knowledge of what effect types a reagent is associated with. Each reagent is 
associated with 4 different effect types. If two different reagents that share at least one effect type are mixed, it produces a functional potion 
that produces that effect type when imbibed (or in some cases, when splashed onto an enemy). The strength of the potion is the average of the two 
reagents PVs used to make it, rounded down (so if something with a UPV of 3 and something else with an RPV of 8 share an effect type and are mixed, 
it would produce a potion of that effect type, strength 5). If two reagents which do NOT share ANY effect types are mixed, they are both ruined in 
the process, BUT, the failure is NOT revealed to the player just yet (see below). In the event a functional potion is produced, the Player still 
doesn't know it until either they or someone else drinks it. Up until that point, the potion will simply be listed as "Unknown Potion", and in the 
Knowledge Tab, the reagents 4 associated effect types will all be blank or question marks. Once they click the "Use" button on the inventory menu 
for an unknown potion, the system will immediately let them know what happened. If there was an effect, then that effect type will be "unlocked" 
for both of the reagents used to make it and revealed in the Knowledge tab. If the potion was a dud, then nothing happens, and a pop up will ask 
the player if they would like to discard all copies of that dud (that is to say, potions that used the same two reagents). I am not sure just yet 
on how best to keep track of failed experiments in the database, but I think the most user-friendly route on the front-end would be to have two 
drop-down selection menus for selecting what you want to mix, and upon selecting the FIRST one, the second list is automatically filtered using 
JavaScript to remove any ingredients that have been mixed with the first one before and failed.

About the Knowledge Tab
This tab is purely for reference purposes, there are no actions to be taken other than reading lore, and viewing the known information
about various reagents, potions and items.  There will be filters and scrollable menus built into the UI for convenient look-ups, but no "CRUD" actions
other than "Read" can be done from this part of the app.

